Implemented new docs structure (#53)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/Introduction.md

---
id: overview
title: Overview
displayed_sidebar: developSidebar
slug: /develop/
---

### Welcome Devs 👋🏼

This is your cool place to hangout and build on Subsocial 🧑🏻‍💻

The documentation is divided into several subsections for quick access and fast building, here's the structure:

| Resource      | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | [Cheatsheet / Quick Reference](/docs/develop/quick-reference)      | Quick easy way to get started with the most common uses of Subsocial JS SDK.       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Cheatsheet / Quick Reference](/docs/develop/quick-reference)      | A quick and easy way to get started with the most common uses of the Subsocial JS SDK.       |
```

> | [How-to-Guides](/docs/develop/how-to-guides/connectToSubsocial)   | Contains detailed information about how to do different operations on Subsocial blockchain.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [How-to-Guides](/docs/develop/how-to-guides/connectToSubsocial)   | Contains detailed information about how to do different operations on the Subsocial blockchain.        |
```

| [TypeDocs](https://docs.subsocial.network/js-docs/js-sdk/index.html)   | Documentation created from the codebase itself.        |
| [Playground](https://github.com/tusharojha/playground)   | Run Subsocial SDK code on the air without downloading anything.        |
| [Examples](https://github.com/dappforce?q=example&type=all&language=&sort=)   | Beginner friendly templates & examples for building on Subsocial.       |

> | [YouTube Tutorials](https://youtu.be/jeTrpltqAqc)   | Watch some video and get started building along with it.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [YouTube Tutorials](https://youtu.be/jeTrpltqAqc)   | Watch some videos and start building along with them.      |
```
